# learning goals reflection:

During the course of the project,
I had three main learning goals: professional expertise, learning ability, and communication skills.
Let's review each goal and my progress towards achieving them.

### Professional Expertise:

I aimed to have all my work done based on plans and share those plans with my teammates during daily stand-ups to
receive feedback. I successfully achieved this goal by actively participating in the daily stand-ups. I shared my
progress, discussed any difficulties I encountered, and outlined my plan for future tasks. This open communication
helped me receive valuable feedback from my teammates and ensured that my work aligned with the project's goals. By
actively involving my colleagues and being receptive to their input, I enhanced my professional expertise.

### Learning Ability:

My goal was to learn how to use Jetpack Compose libraries for user authentication, specifically through face scan or
fingerprint methods. However, due to another team member (Jill) taking on the user story related to biometric
authentication, I did not have the opportunity to work directly on it. Nonetheless, I made the most of the situation by
experimenting and gaining valuable knowledge about Firebase authentication and Google sign-in methods. Additionally, I
deepened my understanding of QR code scanning and its integration with the project's database. While I didn't achieve my
original learning objective, I still expanded my skills in related areas.

### Communication Skills:

My aim was to communicate meaningfully with my team while avoiding any impression of pushing my opinions. I'm pleased to
say that I successfully achieved this goal. Throughout the project, I actively listened to my team members, valued their
perspectives, and contributed to discussions without overpowering the conversation. I created an inclusive and
collaborative environment where everyone felt comfortable expressing their thoughts. At the end of the project, I
proactively sought feedback from my teammates on my communication approach, and they confirmed that I had shown good
leadership skills and maintained a balanced, respectful interaction style.

In conclusion, I made significant progress in all my learning goals during the project. I effectively shared my work
plans, gathered feedback from teammates, and improved my professional expertise. Although I couldn't explore biometric
authentication directly, I learned about related authentication methods and expanded my knowledge of QR code scanning.
Furthermore, I successfully communicated without imposing my opinions, leading to positive feedback from my team
members. Overall, I am satisfied with my growth and contributions throughout the project.
